Yay!
Whoo-hoo!
Mickey? What's keeping you?
Everybody else is having
a good time already
and the race is about to start.
Oh, don't worry, minnie.
I'm on my way.
Oh, no. I didn't forget.
I'm picking up the last one right now.
...I'm picking up
the last one right now.
Attention!
Huh? Huh?
I gotta keep you safe.
What?
Whoa!
Uh... oh! Sorry
about your ball. Bye.
Ah!
Oh!
All righty.
Let's get you home.
Huh? Oh...
Drive faster!
Whoa...
Hey, minnie!
Oh, I'm just in the middle
of something at the moment,
- but I'll be right there.
- Okay!
Are you nuts?
Hey, get out of my way!
I can't see nuttin'!
Ow.
Oh, my goodness, Mickey!
What happened?
I got the bottle.
Yeah, but you missed the race.
Well...
I wouldn't say that.